this is very dark I thought it was going
something that is that
what
and that seems like a wastebasket
my mother I will go out and you cojones
what is done
is that
and if over
and that study
I'm watching
wow
all these 20 years and frames commenting
could not guys today is tribune relives a
mod as you are seeing is a very mode
weird is called john moody as you have
seen right now what I finish
teaching is a had done it a bit like that
like this movie style though as
This is a forest and it is full of
clippers and all that and besides that is
no pisco in Pizzurno out because I have been
come out a little weird but hey what else
this is a weird way that
found on the internet and the truth is
who have nothing but a craft that
exists when we kill the caller
jones this one is called be be yon
that is the normal little me then it's
the giant that is the one who teaches or taught
to the little ones and when we kill
will give two gems of these good can we
give one or two or three and with this we
we can make a sword of these that is
a good an immortal sword that the
truth is that it is very good serves to
kill enemies and to them basically and
I'm going to teach the enemies a little more
because you have not appreciated them anyway
Well the truth is that I do not know how to last
the video but it's a pretty short video
since good is a pretty funny way
I do not know if then upload another video like
I start the new modern warfare series
3 of the road to walk but well I do not know
well we have arispón baby I'm going to go down
the sound because if it's not going to go much
work a little bit often I'm going to
put easy as you see monetti forest
where it's enough to be good roadrunner
here here as you see is a kind of
monster is called be be yon this is the
little one alone and with the sword this one
will be set dies the truth is that
come out in the mines can come out in the
mines and it's pretty scary, it's not like
equals with a video with all with all
the same fears would emulate the blows
god be you with your hard
I do not think 44 hits and will give us this
good position gives us
gives us this to sing experience a
experience boat and this is the little one
then we have a bit of the normal lyon
which, as you can see, is quite large and
he has a scary face he's already like
rotated has the head with a kind
of trash can rotated go down
down bye bye goodbye does not die uncle
they do not die anymore and they crawl
the lava hello hi yo yo yo yo yo muerete
And once you look, you see, I'm just
drop a gem of these and then already
we have hyper hiper mega mega jon that
is this one
my mother what piece of saying is go
down you if my work is for
down
my mother if you imagine that this is the
egg and suddenly it's hirai bones that do not
look look
and here is the creative now if he hits me
is that it does not hurt if you have 20
hearts this and each and every blow
I think it takes away
and it takes away like two and a half something like that
I could say I'm going to breathe too
to inspire dies for dies you see endures
very much and has blood here
it's not bad it's not badly done a bit
weird I do not know very white this is not a
ship this is not a ship is not a luxury
be kasper that way the casper the perch
doors but 40 dies I'll call you
call
and johnson johnson is good has yes
come on come on let's go the view is
Well, well, I've done
What have I done
goodbye
let's put three reasons one way
quite curious that the truth is that or
either because I stay on my computer to
down man good medicare up
expect me to love me up
pulled up and nothing if you have any
motorcycle well and also curious of this type
because you can tell me and I'll do the
review as I say it's called jon mod and
put a lot is good I put a lot and
more because I have three good
spaces neither more nor less I could add
the bike a little more a little one
cosilla plus the music and that the effects
of music because it 's pretty good that
the modes of fear is added this kind of
things and I think of this this thing
good of this video in this way there is no
nothing more to say as I say is
pretty cool if not because they were not
it's cool so nothing I think with this
I say goodbye I do not know if as I say if then
I'll upload another good video I do not know how to be
Attentive to twitter which is where I'm going
to say things does not use the
description as in all my videos and
nothing we see in the next many
thanks to the people who subscribe and see my
videos thank you very much thank you
very much and with this I say goodbye mother
mine that has adjudged bone
at home this does not do anything and good
the world a greeting and until next time
I my son brings me closer is the peak I
I take